<h2>1.3.7 Build Server-side Endpoint for pulling detailed item info via vdc_id</h2>
<hr>
<small>These manual tests, or the FDCIDQueryTest java code can be run to validate the endpoint.  The automated java code 
can be found in /FoodAPI/test/FDCIDQueryTest.  Testing can also be done from the React UI, but endpoint results are not 
available for view, only formulated response by React.</small>
<h3>Acceptance Test 1: Query for a known food fdc_id</h3>
<p>Tests the endpoint for a valid response provided a known-good fdc_id</p>
<ol>
<li>Using postman, send a GET request to the endpoint /by-id with the fdc_id being "764372" (http://localhost:8080/FoodAPI_war_exploded/api/items/by-id?fdc_id=764372)</li>
<li>Response should be a JSON-formatted string matching this:<br>{
    "fdc_id": 764372,
    "brand_owner": "Frito Lay",
    "ingredients": "Potatoes, Vegetable Oil (Sunflower, Corn, and/or Canola Oil), Sour Cream & Onion Seasoning (Skim Milk, 
Salt, Maltodextrin [Made from Corn], Onion Powder, Whey, Sour Cream [Cultured Cream, Skim Milk], Canola Oil, Parsley, 
Natural Flavor, Lactose, Sunflower Oil, Citric Acid, Whey Protein Concentrate, and Buttermilk).",
    "branded_food_category": "Snacks",
    "modified_date": "Fri Nov 24 19:00:00 EST 2017"
}
</li>
</ol>
<small>Other fdc_id's can be used.  In general, we're looking to make sure that 1) A valid JSON object is returned and 2)
The fields fdc_id, brand_owner, ingredients, branded_food_category, and modified_date are all present.</small>

<h3>Acceptance Test 2: Query for a fake fdc_id</h3>
<p>Tests the endpoint for handling a fake fdc_id.</p>
<ol>
<li>Using the same endpoint as test 1, query for a random integer.  All fdc_id's are 6 digits in length, anything with 
less than 6 digits, more than 6 digits, or 6 digits that are not already occupied with an fdc_id should return: <br>{
    "error": "No item found with the given fdc_id"
}</li>
<small>If the integer passed is an overflow (larger than the Java integer value) the page will return a 404. This is 
handled gracefully in the React portion of the project.</small>
</ol>

<h3>Acceptance Test 3: Query with a string instead of an integer value</h3>
<p>Tests the endpoint for handling wrong type input.</p>
<small>This test is handled as an HttpRequest as passing the wrong type to a function is not allowed in Java.</small>
<ol>
<li>Using the same endpoint as test 1, query for a string instead of an integer.  The string can be any random string, 
as long as some alphabetic character is used.
<li>Response should be a 404 page not found status code.</li>
</ol>